From: Dara Murphy [Dara.Murphy@olchc.ie]
Sent: 16 December 2008 11:44
To: Tuohy, Brendan, UCHG
Subject: FW: MRI QA

On pain of death !!!! 



-----Original Message-----
From: Collette O'Neill [mailto:colletteon@mater.ie] 
Sent: 12 December 2008 15:30
To: Dara Murphy
Subject: MRI QA

Hi Dara,

Attached are all the M-files and an Excel Spreadsheet Template for the
results - you can save these anywhere on computer but keep them in the
same folder.

First step would be to open the spreadsheet and save it as something,
then you can select it when each program asks you which file you want to
save results to. Make sure you close the Excel file before you run the
programs as MATLAB won't write the results to it if it is open.

After that if you just run the MRI_QA m-file an interface will pop up
and you can click whichever test you want to perform. I don't think you
have the Phantom Test Guidance which might be useful - its at
http://www.acr.org/SecondaryMainMenuCategories/ACRStore/FeaturedCategori
es/Q
ualityandSafety/MagneticResonanceImaging/phantom_test_guidance.aspx

Only certain tests are run on the different series:
ACR T1 - all tests
ACR T2 - spatial resolution, slice thickness, slice position,
uniformity, SNR, low contrast object detectability Site T1 - SNR, low
contrast object detectability Site T2 - SNR, low contrast object
detectability When you click on a test it will ask you to specify which
series - this is just so that it writes the results to the correct
location in the results spreadsheet. There are spaces in the spreadsheet
for figures but you would have to put them in manually - haven't
programmed matlab to do it yet.
They're not necessary anyway.

Instructions and message boxes pop up during each program - hopefully
they will be clear and easy to follow but constructive criticism is
welcome!!
Every time I've tried my program on new images so far I've encountered
problems so I'll be surprised if it goes smoothly but fingers crossed.

O one other thing - if for any reason theres an error or you cancel or
something the interface will close - just run MRI_QA.m again to get it
back.

Think thats it - give me a call if you've any questions.

Collette



----------------------------Disclaimer----------------------------------
----
This e-mail and any files transmitted with it contain information which
may be confidential and which may also be privileged and is intended
solely for the use of the individual or entity to which it is addressed.
Unless you are the intended recipient you may not copy or use it, or
disclose it to anyone else. Any opinions expressed are that of the
individual and not necessarily that of Mater Misericordiae University
Hospital. 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
----
